this video explains how to include books
in your works cited list according to
the 7th edition of the MLA handbook I'll
show you how to format references for
print books including edited books
translated books what to do with Edition
and volume numbers and an individual
essay or chapter with a different author
than the books editor for examples of
in-text citations check out our video
citing sources in MLA style a basic
introduction here the punctuation is in
red for emphasis in your actual works
cited list all font would be black start
with the author's last name followed by
their first name next enter the title of
the book in italics then enter the city
of publication followed by a colon
there's no need to include the state or
province then the publishers name
followed by a comma and the year of
publication followed by a period finally
indicate the medium of publication
medium refers to the format for print
books the medium would be print to find
all of the information you need look at
the books title page at the beginning of
the book here's the title edition number
and author's name
at the bottom of the page is the name of
the publisher leave out words like
publisher press books company or Inc
here's the city of publication if more
than one is listed just use the city
that's listed first
sometimes the year is listed here but if
not you can turn the page to find the
year it was published previous editions
are sometimes listed so go with the most
recent and if it's a library book the
year will also be on the spine label and
here's a hint look up that book in the
library catalog all of the information
will be listed there as well what if the
book was edited add the abbreviation
period after the editors name if a novel
has an editor in addition to the author
the author's name gets listed first
after the title write capital e d period
then the editors name when editors names
follow the title only ever use edy dot
never EDS dot also notice that here you
don't put the editors last name first a
book that's been translated is
referenced in a similar way after the
title add T RA NS period followed by the
translators first name and last name
what do you do with addition or volume
numbers for an edition of a book other
than the first edition add the addition
after the title and after the name of
any editors or translators what if you
need to cite an individual essay or
chapter in a book that has a different
author than the books editor start with
the author of the essay or chapter then
the title of the essay or chapter in
quotation marks then the title of the
book in italics followed by the editor
of the book and remember here the first
name goes first after the publication
info but before the medium add the page
numbers for that essay or chapter thanks
for watching for more information about
MLA style watch our other videos or
visit them on Live Rees webpage for our
MLA guide and to chat live with library
staff
you